Now that we've shown how HMMs work,
let's provide some more tips
on how to improve them.
>> Okay, in our example of using HMMs
to distinguish between the signs
I versus we,
we used delta y as a feature.
But in reality delta x
would be a better feature.
>> That's true, but for other signs
delta y would be a good feature.
Another good feature is the size of the
hand which helps us get some information
as to if the hand is coming
towards the camera or away.
>> Another good feature might be the
angle the hand makes to the horizontal.
>> So sign language is two handed,
we should have these features
both to the right and left hands.
Now that we have eight features,
we are tracking for time frame,
how do we integrate it into our models?
>> Actually, it's pretty easy.
We just add more dimensions for
the output probabilities.
All our training and
recognition work like before.
We just have to calculate
multi-dimensional distances
instead of using just one dimension.
>> You're right.
It gets hard to show on our graphs
here but it's easy enough to code.